Add adopter for HelloGroup(NASDAQ: MOMO) (#774)
karmada-io/website: src/pages/adopters.md

| Ecloud                    | https://ecloud.10086.cn/      | Use Karmada to build a steady and elastic multi-cluster platform for managing workloads.                                                                                                                                   |                                                                                                                                                                           |
| EHang                     | https://www.ehang.com/        | Use Karmada manage multi-datacenter and multi-region Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Cloud System.                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | HelloGroup(NASDAQ: MOMO)  | https://www.hellogroup.com/   | Multi-cluster management, deployment and statefulset workload application deployment, scheduler and controller extensions based on Karmada.                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HelloGroup(NASDAQ: MOMO)  | https://www.hellogroup.com/   | Build a multi-cluster platform to deploy applications across clusters, including Deployments and StatefulSets|
```

Reviewer: cc @CharlesQQ

Author: updated.
